Katib: Population based training algorithm section (#3285)
kubeflow/website: content/en/docs/components/katib/experiment.md

- The DARTS example —
  [`darts-gpu.yaml`](https://github.com/kubeflow/katib/blob/master/examples/v1beta1/nas/darts-gpu.yaml).

> #### Population Based Training (PBT)

Reviewer: Please can you also add `suggestion-pbt` image to the Katib Config doc: https://www.kubeflow.org/docs/components/katib/katib-config/#suggestion-settings.

The algorithm name in Katib is `pbt`.

Review the population based training [paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/1711.09846) for more details about the algorithm.

> The PBT service requires PVC with RWX and currently only supports trial <code>resumePolicy: FromVolume</code>.

Reviewer: I think we can add a link to the Katib Resume Experiment feature guide.
```suggestion
The PBT service requires Persistent Volume Claim with [RWX access mode](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes/#access-modes) to share resources between Suggestion and Trials.
Currently, Katib Experiments should have <code>resumePolicy: FromVolume</code> to run the PBT algorithm. Learn more about resume policies in [this guide](/docs/components/katib/resume-experiment/).
```

Katib supports the following algorithm settings:

<div class="table-responsive">
  <table class="table table-bordered">
    <thead class="thead-light">
      <tr>
        <th>Setting name</th>
        <th>Description</th>
        <th>Example</th>
      </tr>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
      <tr>
        <td>suggestion_trial_dir</td>
        <td>The location within the trial container where checkpoints are saved</td>
        <td><code>/var/log/katib/checkpoints/</code></td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>n_population</td>
        <td>Number of trial seeds per generation</td>
        <td>40</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>resample_probability</td>
        <td>null: perturbs the hyperparameter by 0.8 or 1.2. 0-1: resamples the original distribution by the specified probability</td>

>         <td></td>

Reviewer: Should we add one example ?
